---
layout: post
title: "Georgia | 2018"
author: "Estelle Guéville"
categories: asia
image: cuba-1.jpg
---


0. this unordered seed list will be replaced by toc as unordered list
{:toc}

<br>

XXX

<br>

# Georgia. An Overview
XXX

<br>

# How Safe Is It?
## General Observations

XXX

<br>

## Traveling as a Woman and a Lesbian

XXX

<br>

# My trip
## Day 1 - XXX

{:.no_toc}
### XXX
XXX



{:.no_toc}
### XXX
XXX


{:.no_toc}
### XXX
XXX

{:.no_toc}
### XXX
XXX

<br>

## Day 2 - XXX  

{:.no_toc}
### XXX
- XXX

XXX

- XXX  
XXX

{:.no_toc}
### XXX
XXX
<br>

## What Else?  

{:.no_toc}
### XXX
- XXX

XXX


{:.no_toc}
### XXX
- XXX 

XXX

- XXX
XXX

<br>

## My Budget
My budget for this trip was relatively expensive, mainly because of the flight ticket and because I was traveling alone and therefore not sharing any cost (accomodations, car rental, etc.).
- Flight: €
- Accomodations:
    - Rivendell, 3 nights: GEL 219
    - Hotel Mkudro, 2 nights: GEL 178
    - Nitsa Guest House, 1 night: GEL 30
    - Cron Palace Kosher Tbilisi Hotel, 2 nights: GEL 430.92
- Activities:
    - Diving: 
    - Castle:
- Food and drinks:
- Transportation:
    - Car rental:
    - Gas: 
- Communication:

**Total per person: $**

<br>

# My Tips and Recommendations
## How Long Should You Stay?
XXX
<br>

## When to Go?
XXX
<br>

## Where to Stay?


<br>

## Where to Eat?

{:.no_toc}
### My Reccomendations
- XXX  
XXX


- XXX



{:.no_toc}
### Other places
- 


<br>

## How to Move Around?
There are several ways to move around in Armenia. We walked a lot XXX

Other options include:

1. Car Rental: Renting a car can be convenient if you want to explore the country at your own pace and see more than just Doha. The road network is well developed, most hotels have parking and valets, there are many parkings. There are several international car rental companies operating in the country. You can get a car at the airport or, if you prefer, your hotel in Doha can probably help you. However, traffic can be heavy in some areas, if you are not used to driving in the Gulf, it can be a bit tricky. This is not undoable but it's important to familiarize yourself with the local driving laws and customs.

3. Public Transportation: Qatar's public transportation system is still developing, but it is possible to get around using buses and the metro. The metro is clean, efficient, and affordable, and operates in the greater Doha area. Buses are also available and serve a wider area, but they can be crowded and less convenient.


<br>

## What to wear?



<br>

**Creation date: 09 February 2023**

**Last update: 09 February 2023** 