---
layout: post
title: "10 days in the UAE"
author: "Estelle Guéville"
categories: [lived, middleeast]
tags: [Middle East, lived]
permalink: /10daysuae
---

<base target="_blank">

I lived almost 6 years in the UAE and had a chance to discover many things one can do in this country. Here is an itinerary that will bring you to some of the main touristy attractions in the UAE but ALSO to less known places. This is a theoretical itinerary based on my knowledge of the country and my latest trip there with my partner in March 2024. I wanted her to discover the country I spent so much time in, but I also wanted her to meet my friends. So our itinerary was a slightly different than the one proposed here.

As you know, I do not like touristic things, so I won't tell you to pay a fortuune to go to the top of the Burj Khalifa or to visit the Museum of the Future. In my opinion, these things are better from the outside and are not worth the visit.

# Recommendations
- To move in the country, I recommend [renting a car]().
- Although the UAE is a very open minded country and you can dress as you wish in most cases, remember to wear appropriate clothes when visiting a mosque. [Here]() is a dresscode for your information.
- 

<br>

# DAY 1 - Abu Dhabi
## Saadiyat Island
- **Louvre Abu Dhabi** (65 aed): Go in the morning, visit the permanent galleries, the temporary exhibitions and the outdoor spaces. Do not forget the children's museum. Have lunch at the cafe, or if you are feeling fancy, enjoy the business lunch at the Fouquet's.
- **Abrahamic House** (free): If you are on a schedule and unless you are jewish, christian or muslim, there is no particular need to visit the house. The external view
- **Mamsha** (variable):
- **Jubail Mangrove**

<br>

## Opening soon on Saadiyat Island
- Zayed National Museum
- Guggenheim Museum
- Natural History Museum
 
<br>

# DAY 2 - Abu Dhabi
## Local Culture
- **Qasr al Hosn and the House of Artisans** (30 aed)
- **Qasr al Watan** (75 aed)
- **Sheikh Zayed Mosque** (free)

<br>

# DAY 3 - Abu Dhabi
##  Chill day
- **Beach day** (variable): you can choose a day pass to enjoy the pool and beach at one of the hotels (Park Hyatt, Saadiyat Rotana, etc.) or choose one of public beaches, such as Mamsha (75 aed/day) or the Saadiyat Public Beach.
Prices vary according to the service provided. This will depend on your budget and expectations.

<br>

# DAY 4 - Abu DHAbi
## Nature
- **Eastern Mangroves** (50 aed per canoe for 2 hours): you can canoe in the mangroves. Check the tides: you want to go around high tide.
- **Desert**(variable): I usually go in the desert with my friends and our cars, so I can't really recommend a company. Book a tour with a desert company so you can experience dune bashing, and usually sand boarding and other activities. They usually provide food (buffet style) in the evening before you head back (unless you want to experience sleeping in a tent in the desert).

<br>

# DAY 5 - Al Ain
- **The Oasis** (free): visit the oasis in Al Ain, a city in the middle of desert and the home city of Sheikh Zayed, the founding father of the country. Walk among the palm trees and learn about the falaj system, an irrigation system millenia-old.
- **Al Ain Palace Museum** (free): Discover more about the history of the royal family of Abu Dhabi, the Al Nahyan when visiting this old palace, the palace of Sheikh Zayed. You will also learn more about the traditional way of living of the emiratis.
- **Al Jahili Fort** (free): 
- **Hili Tombs** (free): 


<br>

# DAY 6 and 7 - Dubai
- **Deira**: this is where you will find the old souqs: spices, gold, perfumes, clothes, and pretty much anything else. Be careful, it is difficult to park and people there are very insistent. Be firm when you say no and do not buy anything. Most of the stuff there comes from China and is extremely overpriced for a poor quality. If you really want to buy something, negociate firmly. About half the price they inititally offer is usually a fair price for the both of you. In any case, know exactly how much you're willing to pay and do not go over it.
- **Bur Dubai**: this is the oldest part of town and it has been restored recently. This is a nice walk, usually less touristy than Deira. There are also a number of cafes and restaurants if you are hungry or thirsty.
- **Dubai Mall, the Burj Khalifa and the fountains**: this is probably the MOST crowded place in Dubai. It is absolutely insane but worth one visit. Do not go up the Burj Khalifa as the view is usually not worth the price. Wander around the mall to see the aquarium, the dinosaur, the waterfall or the ice rink and then head outside to see the fountains and the Burj Khalifa. Try to go at the end of the day, to see it by day and by night with the lights. Moreover, the fountains show usually starts at 7.30 pm (but double-check as things change regularly).
- **The Palm**: drive around the palm and stop at a hotel if you feel like it. If you enjoy waterparks, you can even spend a day at the Atlantis.
- **Madinat Jumeirah**: this is an upscale mall that resembles a (recent and clean) souq. It is built around a "river" and provides a beautiful view of the Burj al Arab.
- **Iranian Mosque**: do not skip this fairly unknown but stunning mosque. One of the most beautiful I have seen.
- **Jumeirah Mosque**: This mosque of the shore is beautiful, especially at night. No need to go inside, but the view from outside is worth it.
- **Museum of the Future**: You can see it from the main highway. If you want a closer look, take an exit and go see it from the other side. It is not worth booking in advance and paying an expensive ticket to visit it: the content is worthless.

<br>

# DAY 8 - Sharjah
- **Museum of Islamic Art**
- ****

<br>

# DAY 9 - Fujairah or Ras al Khaimah
- **Diving**: Fujairah is the best place in the UAE to dive. I recommend Freestyl Divers for a good diving center but there are plenty others.
- OR **Hike in the wadis**: if you don't like to dive, go in the mountains of Fujairah or Ras al Khaimah and hike instead. You can find many hikes with several skill-levels on this [app](). 
- OR **Snorkel around Snoopy Island** and try to see sharks and turtles. You can also stop for a drink and/or a beach day at the Sandy Beach hotel for a ncie view on Snoopy Island.
- Visit the oldest mosque of the UAE, dating back to the 15th century.


<br>

# DAY 10
Anything that did not fit earlier in the trip. Or a rest day.

